Title: Board of Directors
Date: 2015-06-29 11:04
Author: mlissner
Slug: team
Status: published

[![Mike
Lissner](http://freelawproject.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/mike-150x150.jpeg)](http://michaeljaylissner.com)**[Michael
Lissner](http://michaeljaylissner.com)** is the Executive Director and
CTO of Free Law Project.

Michael graduated from the University of California Berkeley's School of
Information and is passionate about bringing greater access to primary
legal materials, about how technology can replace old legal models, and
about open source, community-driven approaches to legal research.

Â 

![brian](http://freelawproject.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/brian-150x150.jpeg)**[Brian
W. Carver](http://www.ischool.berkeley.edu/people/faculty/briancarver)**
is a co-founder of Free Law Project and an attorney specializing in
intellectual property and internet law.

In 2009 and 2010, at the UC Berkeley School of Information, he advised
Michael Lissner on the creation of CourtListener. After Michael's
graduation, he and Brian continued working on the site and have grown
the database to include over 2.5 million documents. In 2011 and 2012,
Brian advised masters students Rowyn McDonald and Karen Rustad on the
creation of a legal citator built on the CourtListener database. During
2012 and 2013 he collaborated with computer scientists at UC Santa Cruz
on the enhancement of the search capabilities of CourtListener. He
continues to support all of Free Law Project's efforts as a member of
its Board of Directors.

![Tom
Bruce](http://freelawproject.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/tom-bruce-b-w-150x150.jpeg)**[Thomas
R. Bruce](http://www.lawschool.cornell.edu/faculty/bio.cfm?id=188)** is
a board member of Free Law Project and the Director and co-founder of
the [Legal Information Institute](http://www.law.cornell.edu/) at the
Cornell Law School.

Internationally, Tom has advised legal-information projects on four
continents, most recently as a consultant for the Open Society
Institute, an umbrella project serving several African countries. He has
conducted workshops at the World Bank and the UN, has served as an
invited expert for the Hague Conference on Private International Law and
for the European Commission, and as a Senior International Fellow at the
University of Melbourne Law School and as a member of the board of
directors of the Southern African Institute for Policy and Research. He
is on the editorial board of the Springer Law, Governance, and
Technology series, has served on numerous program committees for
academic conferences in legal informatics and law and artificial
intelligence, and is Secretary of the OASIS/Open committee on XML
standards for legal documents. He was a member of the ABA's inaugural
class of "Legal Rebels", the 100 leading innovators in the American
legal profession, and of the FastCase 50, a similar group selected by
popular vote. He wrote the first web browser for Microsoft Windows.

![Jerry
Goldman](http://freelawproject.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/jerry-goldman-bw.jpeg)

**[Jerry
Goldman](https://www.kentlaw.iit.edu/faculty/full-time-faculty/jerry-goldman)**
is a board member of Free Law Project and the founder and director of
the [Oyez Project](http://www.oyez.org), a vast and widely utilized
multimedia archive devoted to the U.S. Supreme Court and its work.

Jerry is an author of numerous books, articles, monographs, and book
reviews, and is a co-author of *<span class="smallcaps">The Challenge of
Democracy: American Government in Global Politics</span>*, a bestselling
textbook on American government. He is the recipient of numerous honors
and awards for teaching excellence and innovation and has achieved wide
recognition among the political science and legal communities for his
continued development of the Oyez Project, including the Silver Gavel
Award for New Media from the American Bar Association; the Rowman &
Littlefield Prize for Teaching Innovation; the EDUCOM Medal for his
contributions to computing and political science; and, most recently,
the first American Political Science Association/CQ Press Prize for
Teaching Innovation.

Professor Goldman joined the Chicago-Kent faculty in 2011 after 36 years
as a member of Northwestern University's Department of Political
Science, where he remains professor emeritus. Before that, he was a
research associate at the Federal Judicial Center in Washington, D.C.

